Our goal for this hackathon was to create a resource for struggling students to find specific information for their CUNYS, food pantries, and homeless shelters. The CUNY-specific information ranges from tutoring for each college to grants dedicated to emergencies. To do this, we utilized a geopy code that converted addresses to longitude and latitudes. Since the CUNY that the student selected was static, we were able to use the haversine function to calculate the distance of the shelters in relation to the selected CUNY and return the closest locations. To accomplish this, we used CUNY Cares and datasets with these food pantries and homeless shelters organized by boroughs. Once we found the addresses for the locations, we were able to create a data frame that contained the name of the center, its address, phone number, distance from a CUNY, and whether or not it was CUNY-approved. Although CUNY Cares was useful, we found that some of the data was incorrect, such as the address for certain homeless shelters and so we had to verify and correct all the data. After the data collection and cleaning, we were able to create functions that neatly cleaned the data using numpy and pandas and generated CSV files for each college, listing the five closest shelters.  This involved significant integration work and function creation, which streamlined the process and made the code reusable for future datasets, including tasks like calculating distances, identifying the closest shelters, and generating text files for web development.
